I can see it now. I can see us at the main station called the Hauptbahnhof in Cologne
on the platform getting onto a train. I think it was about three o'clock in the afternoon.
My mother was there seeing me onto the train and it was a whole class which was then moving
to England. In fact it was two classes because boys and girls were separate, it wasn't mixed.
There must have been, I would say, about 25 boys and I'm not sure about the number of girls,
but probably the same because very few of the people in that class did not travel at that time.
Some parents decided obviously to keep their children there whilst others sort of foresaw
the situation and were happy to see their children go. We had a wonderful journey from Cologne to
Holland to, oh where did we go from now, my memory sometimes fails me with words,
so always names especially, not so much with words but with names.